README.md, before:

# Simple HUD Enhanced
## Mod Pages
[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-hud-enhanced)

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-hud-enhanced)
## Description
A Minecraft mod that enhances the game's Heads-Up Display (HUD) by introducing 
customizable elements and features to display information.
The mod is designed to be lightweight and easy to use, allows users to adjust the position, visibility,
and other settings of these elements, providing a personalized HUD experience 
tailored to individual preferences though the [Mod Menu mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu).

## Installation
1. Download the latest version of the mod from the [releases page]()
2. Download and install the [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net/use/).
3. Download and install the [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api).
4. Download and install the [Mod Menu mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu).
5. Place the downloaded mod in the `mods` folder in your Minecraft directory.
6. Launch the game using the Fabric profile.
7. Enjoy!

## Code Contributions
This mod has been built from the ground up to be modular and faster to update, 
originally as a fork of Simple Utilities Mod by [johnvictorfs](https://github.com/johnvictorfs/simple-utilities-mod).

This mod has also used code from :
[A5b84](https://github.com/SoRadGaming/status-effect-bars)

## Future Additions
- Config Window with Drag & Resizeable blocks for Hud Configuration
- Rebuilt Render Graph with Data Cache for over 500x less code execution in testing - (Async temp fix)
- Text Alignment Selection
- Text Background & Transparency
- More Customisability

Commit message:

TPS Custom Packet Manager Fixed TPS in Local Server Fixed Lang Issues with New Settings Fixed F3 Hud Overlay Fixed Debug Screen Rendering Added New Text Alignment Added New Horizontal Equipment Mode Added Equipment No Total Fixed Effect Colour not Saving in Config Fixed Disconnect Fixed Version Checks

README.md, after:

# Simple HUD Enhanced
## Mod Pages
[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-hud-enhanced)

[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-hud-enhanced)
## Description
A Minecraft mod that enhances the game's Heads-Up Display (HUD) by introducing 
customizable elements and features to display information.
The mod is designed to be lightweight and easy to use, allows users to adjust the position, visibility,
and other settings of these elements, providing a personalized HUD experience 
tailored to individual preferences though the [Mod Menu mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu).

## Installation
1. Download the latest version of the mod from the [releases page]()
2. Download and install the [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net/use/).
3. Download and install the [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api).
4. Download and install the [Mod Menu mod](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modmenu).
5. Place the downloaded mod in the `mods` folder in your Minecraft directory.
6. Launch the game using the Fabric profile.
7. Enjoy!

## Code Contributions
This mod has been built from the ground up to be modular and faster to update, 
originally as a fork of Simple Utilities Mod by [johnvictorfs](https://github.com/johnvictorfs/simple-utilities-mod).

This mod has also been built with the help of the following mods:
- For Status Effect Rings:
[A5b84](https://github.com/A5b84/status-effect-bars)
- For TPS Tracking Client Side:
[mooziii](https://github.com/mooziii/tpshud-fabric)

## Future Additions
- Config Window with Drag & Resizeable blocks for Hud Configuration
- Rebuilt Render Graph with Data Cache for over 500x less code execution in testing - (Async temp fix)
- Text Alignment Selection
- Text Background & Transparency
- More Customisability
